Issue #387 openeo.connect, reinstate old behavior: no PermissionError on Windows (#399)
Open-EO/openeo-python-client: CHANGELOG.md

### Fixed

> - Reinstated old behavior of authenticate_oidc on Windows: when PrivateJsonFile may be readable by others, log message instead of raising PermissionError ([387](https://github.com/Open-EO/openeo-python-client/issues/387))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Reinstated old behavior of authentication related user files (e.g. refresh token store) on Windows: when `PrivateJsonFile` may be readable by others, just log a message instead of raising `PermissionError` ([387](https://github.com/Open-EO/openeo-python-client/issues/387))
```
